N'SIQ CppStyle server is developed to support google appengine and django both.
Generic N'SIQ CppStyle server located in http://nsiqcppstyle.appspot.com/

You can use generic N'SIQ CppStyle server or deploy your own server to support custom ruleset.

=== How to deploy your own rule server.===

==== Google AppEngine ====
 # Please locate nsiqcppstylesvr project in the same folder which containing nsiqcppstyle source.
{{{
   - nsiqcppstyle_all
     + nsiqcppstylesvr
     + nsiqcppstyle.
}}}
 # Get the google appengine account from http://appengine.google.com/

 # Install Python 2.5

 # Install google appengine SDK.

 # Modify the app.yaml file 
   application: nsiqcppstyle ==> application: new google appengine app name.

 # Run UpdateToAppEngine.bat in nsiqcppstylesvr
   It will repackage the nsiqcppstyle and unzip it into updatefiles folder.
   And upload the modified server content into google appengine.
   You should input the your email and password to upload your rule in the google app engine.

==== Django ====

 # Install Django.

 # Please locate nsiqcppstylesvr project in the same folder which containing nsiqcppstyle source.
{{{
   - nsiqcppstyle_all
     + nsiqcppstylesvr
     + nsiqcppstyle.
}}}
 # Run ant update command. It will repackage the nsiqcppstyle and unzip it into updatefiles folder.

 # Run RunNsiqCppStyleSvrOnDJango.bat for test.
   test the nsiqcppstylesvr is working well by testing http://localhost:8080

 # Django server is only working while the current account is loggined. So you should attach apache web server in front.
   Please refer  http://docs.djangoproject.com/en/dev/howto/deployment/modpython/.

==== How to modify the nsiqcppstyle to connect your own rule server. ====
  
 * By default, nsiqcppstyle connects the default rule server(http://nsiqcppstyle.appspot.com)
 *  However, you can make the nsiqcppstyle connect to new rule server by setting some ant build.xml value.
 *  To do it. run ant using following option.
{{{  
   ant package -Dtype=customVersionName -Durl=customRuleServerLocation
}}}
 * You can get the new version of nsiqcppstyle in the target folder.
  
  	
  
  